
This is a set of patches for the HTTPClient V0.3-3 to enable https using
any SSL package which implements the latest javax.net.ssl interface
defined by Sun. One implementation of this interface can be found in
JSSE from Sun themselves. Note: the SSL implementation in HotJava 1.1.5
and some versions of the JavaWebServer implements an older version of
this interface - there is a different patch for those available.

This package contains the modified sources and the resulting class
files. Save a copy of the original files in the HTTPClient distribution,
and then copy these files into there. When running your application make
sure to include the neccessary jar file(s) in your CLASSPATH.

IMPORTANT: When installing JSSE, make sure you follow all the steps! In
particular, don't forget to configure the provider in java.security. If
you don't have access to the java.security file, then add the following
line to the beginning of your app:

  java.security.Security.addProvider(new com.sun.net.ssl.internal.ssl.Provider());


NOTE 1:
    If you get a

	java.net.SocketException: SSL implementation not available

    then that means you haven't configured the JSSE provider correctly -
    see above, and see the INSTALL.txt doc in the JSSE kit for details
    on how to register the provider. If you've registered the provider
    and still get this, then you've probably not got your classpath
    correctly pointing to the JSSE jars.

NOTE 2:
    If you get a

	javax.net.ssl.SSLPeerUnverifiedException: peer not authenticated

    then that means that either the server's certificate was not
    considered legal for some reason (validity expired, unknown critical
    extensions, etc) or, more likely, the issuer is not trusted. To fix
    the second case, add the issuer's certificate (or the server's
    certificate) to the list of trusted certs (the cacerts or
    jssecacerts file - see the JSSE docs for more info).

http://www.infy.com/knowledge_capital/thought-papers/usingHTTPwith_java.pdf

Comments:
---------

Mail suggestions, comments, bugs, enhancement-requests to:

ronald@innovation.ch


  Have fun,

  Ronald

